hi this is soo sale and today we'll be
doing an unboxing and a review on that
ipad free we've just got this in it's
our friends he got it for 50 pound
because of his ipad 2 Broke and apple
replaced it flow upgraded it to the ipad
3 4 50 pound because it broke and I /
free came out obviously let's just get
this package in mail as you can see the
box is really good but the ipad is at an
angle not like the ipad to the ipad 2
was just straight on so let's just get
this out of the box imp as you can see
beautiful ipad inside it we've got the
white version of VLC let's just get this
out it's a bit heavier and a bit thicker
than the ipad 2 just because of its
better ram and better quality like
higher specs in it as you can see it
looks really nice does it have any power
come on yes it has power let's just wait
until that sets up and let's have a look
at the boxer so in the box you get a
this tiny card fin let's go all the
details about the ipad then you get
there you get about free friends in
there
but you don't really need that because
of iPads on that hard to use as you can
see there's a charging bit and the
little charge and Brooke that you get
with iPads and it's a friend kit might
be a tiny bit thinner like a mean
smaller but anyway let's have a look at
this and though you can see the ipad on
the back is really really nice the
camera is 5 megapixel iSight dunaway
some ice on camera but it is but it is
1080p HD film in I think yes and the as
you can see hi res screen is really nice
i don't know if you can see how good the
screen is from what computer you're at
lab with your screen site if you can get
it in full HD but anyway as you can see
it's really really sharp and crisp and
it's just sing you just have to do set
up because this is brand new
let's just see first done set up i pad
it says this is really really good I
mean seriously the ipad 2 it doesn't
match up to the screen on this let's see
let's press ok sets the charger but some
and at divergent we were trying to
back it up them can't be bothered to do
that so hope you liked it enjoyed please
describe like and comment and goodbye